Refactor openvino inference section (#794)
huggingface/optimum-intel: docs/source/openvino/tutorials/diffusers.mdx

prompt = "medieval castle by Caspar David Friedrich"
image = pipeline(prompt, image=image).images[0]
# Don't forget to save your OpenVINO model so that you can load it without exporting it with `export=True`
pipeline.save_pretrained("openvino-sd-xl-refiner-1.0")
```

### Refining the image output

The image can be refined by making use of a model like [stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-refiner-1.0](https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-refiner-1.0). In this case, you only have to output the latents from the base model.

```python
from optimum.intel import OVStableDiffusionXLImg2ImgPipeline

model_id = "stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-refiner-1.0"
refiner = OVStableDiffusionXLImg2ImgPipeline.from_pretrained(model_id, export=True)

image = base(prompt=prompt, output_type="latent").images[0]
image = refiner(prompt=prompt, image=image[None, :]).images[0]
```

## Latent Consistency Models

| Task                                 | Auto Class                           |
|--------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|
| `text-to-image`                      | `OVLatentConsistencyModelPipeline`   |

### Text-to-Image

> Here is an example of how you can load a Latent Consistency Models (LCMs) from [SimianLuo/LCM_Dreamshaper_v7](https://huggingface.co/SimianLuo/LCM_Dreamshaper_v7) and run inference using OpenVINO :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of how you can load a Latent Consistency Model (LCM) from [SimianLuo/LCM_Dreamshaper_v7](https://huggingface.co/SimianLuo/LCM_Dreamshaper_v7) and run inference using OpenVINO :
```
